The Wish-Fulfilling Tree
A Prayer to the All-Embodying Lama Tsokyé Dorje
by Tertön Rangrik Dorje

emaho dön nyi tarchin tönpa dzoksang gyé
Emaho! Perfect Buddha, teacher who brought the two aims to perfection;
chö kyob nyiden lungtok dampé chö
Sublime Dharma of scripture and realization, which tames and protects the mind;
rik drol nyi dzok pakpé gendün té
Noble Saṅgha in whom knowledge and liberation were brought to perfection;
chok sum ngowo ngayab lingpa khyen
Ngayab Lingpa, embodiment of the Three Jewels, care for me!
solwa deb so chi yi barché sol
I pray to you! Dispel all outer obstacles!
sampa lhün gyi drubpar jingyi lob
Grant your blessing so that all my aspirations may be spontaneously fulfilled!
jinlab chok tsol tsa gyü lama jé
Precious root and lineage masters, bestowers of blessings supreme;
ngödrub charbeb yidam shyitrö lha
Peaceful and wrathful iṣṭadevatās, bringing down a rain of siddhis;
trinlé daknyi mamo khandro té
Mātṛkās and ḍākinīs, ladies of enlightened activity:
tsa sum ngowo ngayab lingpa khyen
Ngayab Lingpa, embodiment of the three roots, care for me!
solwa deb so nang gi barché sol
I pray to you! Dispel all inner obstacles!
sampa lhün gyi drubpar jingyi lob
Grant your blessing so that all my aspirations may be spontaneously fulfilled!
ngowo kadak kyemé chö kyi ku
Dharmakāya, unborn, primordially pure essence,
rangshyin gakmé dechen longchö dzok
Saṃbhogakāya, naturally unceasing great bliss,
tukjé künkhyab drodul tulku té
Nirmāṇakāya, all-pervasive compassion, tamer of beings,
ku sum ngowo ngayab lingpa khyen
Ngayab Lingpa, embodiment of the three kāyas, care for me!
solwa deb so sangwé barché sol
I pray to you! Dispel all secret obstacles!
sampa lhün gyi drubpar jingyi lob
Grant your blessing so that all my aspirations may be spontaneously fulfilled!
ngön jön sangye kün gyi namrol trul
Magical display of all the buddhas of the past,
ma ong sangye nam kyang trulpé shyi
Source of all the buddhas of the future,
danté sangye kün gyi gyaltsab té
Regent of all the buddhas of the present,
dü sum sangye ngayab lingpa khyen
Ngayab Lingpa, embodiment of the buddhas of the three times, care for me!
solwa deb so barché tamché sol
I pray to you! Dispel all obstacles without exception!
sampa lhün gyi drubpar jingyi lob
Grant your blessing so that all my aspirations may be spontaneously fulfilled!
om ah hung benza guru pema siddhi hung
oṃ āḥ hūṃ vajra-guru-padma-siddhi hūṃ

This was given by the father, the Lotus-Born Guru, to his son, the wandering yogi Rangrik Dorjé.

| Lhasey Lotsawa Translations, 2018. (Translated by Stefan Mang and Kaleb Yaniger. Edited by
Libby Hogg.)