Victory Over All Adversity:A Prayer to Invoke Guru Rinpoche’s Wisdom for the Swift Fulfilment
of Wishes
by Tertön Rangrik Dorje

emaho mi ngön né chok lhonub palri shying
Emaho! In the supreme, invisible place, the glorious south-western buddhafield,
ku sum tönpa orgyen pema ma jung
Padmākara of Uḍḍiyāna, three-kāya teacher,
ngowo chik lé sosor ma chi kyang
Although essentially one and the same,
dro kham ngor tün trulpa sam mikhyab
You manifest in inconceivable multiple waysTo match the needs of each and every realm and class
of beings.
danta nga do nyikmé kyendro la
Right now, we are in the age of the five degenerations.
tuk tsé yalwar ma dor chen gyi zik
Please do not abandon us, but look upon us with love and compassion.
chi yi barché nedön kyen gek dang
Protect us against all outer obstacles — disease, harm, hindrances,
jikpa gyé dang mugé maktruk sok
The eight fears, famine, war — whatever may occur.
sung shying pé gol deden yong min dzö
Protect us, and bring forth fully the goodness in adversity.
sampa dengdir drub dzö pejung khyen
Padmākara, please fulfil our wishes this very instant!
nang gi barché duk nga rang gar chö
Expel all inner obstacles — the five poisons, laziness,
chakdang dudzi longchö namkhyen gek
Desire, anger, busyness, the cognitive obscurations,
tsewé lé nyön chönyi ying su trö
Harmful karma and all the afflictions – into the dharmadhātu!
sampa dengdir drub mö pejung khyen
Padmākara, please fulfil our wishes this very instant!
sangwé barché ta gom chö dré la
May all secret obstacles — the mental demons of fabrication and cherishing
dzin shyen chömé chokdzin lo sem dü
Of view, meditation, conduct, and result —
rangshyin samten yé yin dömé long
Arise as the wisdom of settledness
nalmé bab tsul dön gyi yeshe por
Within the timeless original expanse of natural stability.
sampa dengdir drub mö pejung khyen
Padmākara, please accomplish our wishes this very instant!
om ah hung benza guru pema siddhi hung
oṃ āḥ hūṃ vajra-guru-padma-siddhi hūṃ

This was composed by Kusum Lingpa. May virtue abound!

| Lhasey Lotsawa Translations, 2018. (Translated by Stefan Mang and Kaleb Yaniger. Edited by
Libby Hogg.)